2025 Security Response Group Transparency Report (#194066)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/SecurityTransparencyReports.rst

   GHSA-82m9-xvw3-rvpv
2. “Test that a non-admin can create an advisory (no vulnerability).” |br|
   GHSA-34gr-6c7h-cc93

2025
----

Introduction
^^^^^^^^^^^^

2025 was the first year all reports were submitted using Github. We report on
the issues the group received in 2025, or on issues that were received
earlier, but were disclosed in 2025.

We group the issues into the following categories:

1. Security issues fixed under a coordinated disclosure process (2 issues)
2. Supply chain security related issues and project services-related issues
   (2 issues)
3. Issues deemed to not require coordinated action before disclosing publicly
   (11 issues)
4. Invalid issues (5 issues)

In 2025, we received 2 invalid issues that we believe that have been created
automatically and 1 issue appeared to be created using generative AI. That
issue was considered to be invalid.

Security issues fixed under a coordinated disclosure process
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This section lists the reported issues where we ended up implementing fixes
under a coordinated disclosure process. The security advisories for those

> issues at https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
under a coordinated disclosure process. The security advisories for those
issues can be found at https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/.
```

Author: Agreed. Fixed.

   Packages have been updated with
   `PR 144479 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/pull/144479>`_.

Issues deemed to not require coordinated action before disclosing publicly
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. “Coroutine Frame-Oriented Programming: A new exploitation method using C++ coroutines” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-v8pv-j8f5-qqcg <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-v8pv-j8f5-qqcg>`_ |br|
   The researchers shared a new exploitation method that leverages the
   implementation of C++ routines. Their
   `paper <https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity25/presentation/bajo>`_
   describing the technique has been published and is available publicly.
2. “Security Bug in String Assign Function (libc++)” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-m967-6j3p-jrwc <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-m967-6j3p-jrwc>`_ |br|
   There has been an agreement that the proof of concept had undefined
   behavior which makes it out of scope according to

>    `the LLVM thread model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `the LLVM threat model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.
```

3. “\[clangd\] heap-use-after-free in clangd when generating diagnostics” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-5426-9r4h-7whf <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-5426-9r4h-7whf>`_ |br|
   It has been agreed this report fell out of scope because it was caused by
   untrusted inputs, as described in

>    `the LLVM thread model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `the LLVM threat model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.
```

4. “A compiler optimization bug may cause signed integer overflow detection
   be bypassed” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-w6jm-h8j9-q33r <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-w6jm-h8j9-q33r>`_ |br|
   There has been an agreement that the PoC had undefined behavior which makes
   it out of scope according to

>    `the LLVM thread model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `the LLVM threat model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.
```

5. “libomp: Crash (OOB Write / ASan BUS Error) involving omp\_init\_lock under
   high concurrency” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-cfhc-jxq2-97mf <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-cfhc-jxq2-97mf>`_ |br|
   The group agreed to close this as not a security issue because the code
   was written without taking into consideration the expectations from the
   OpenMP specification.
6. “\[MLIR\] head-use-after-free in mlir-lsp-server on completion request” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-8j9r-qc4r-q9fh <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-8j9r-qc4r-q9fh>`_ |br|
   This report fell out of scope because it was caused by untrusted inputs,
   as described in
   `the LLVM thread model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.
7. “\[clangd/clang\] heap-buffer-overflow in clang/lib/Sema/SemaExprCXX.cpp:9144” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-qq8q-r524-8vw9 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-qq8q-r524-8vw9>`_ |br|
   This issue and the following 3 were concluded to be outside of the

>    `LLVM thread model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `LLVM threat model <https://llvm.org/docs/Security.html#what-is-considered-a-security-issue>`_.
```

Author: @efriedma-quic Fixed all occurrences.
Thanks!

8. “\[clangd\] heap-buffer-overflow in clang/lib/Sema/SemaExprCXX.cpp:8876” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-3xm9-vccr-fxx5 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-3xm9-vccr-fxx5>`_
9. “\[clangd/clang\] heap-use-after-free at clang/Sema/Ownership.h:81” |br|
   Details are available at
   `GHSA-qj36-2p7g-83gv <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-qj36-2p7g-83gv>`_
10. “Clang 20.1.0 Compiler Internal Error (Crash) during AST Parsing of C++23” |br|
    Details are available at
    `GHSA-p2g2-89wf-7gcm <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-p2g2-89wf-7gcm>`_
11. “Compiler-induced non-constant-time code” |br|
    Details are available at
    `GHSA-627p-g235-23pm <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-security-repo/security/advisories/GHSA-627p-g235-23pm>`_ |br|
    The reporters shared a pre-print article evaluating non-constant-time

>     code generated by Clang. We all agreed it was invalid because Clang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code generated by Clang. We all agreed this did not need coordinated disclosure because Clang
```

Reviewer: Maybe "invalid" is slightly too strong in this context? Therefore, I thought the alternative phrasing I suggest might be better?

Author: Agreed. Fixed.
